feat(tokens): update tokens architecture and usage (#29950)
ionic-team/ionic-framework: core/src/foundations/README.md

## Design Tokens Architecture

The Ionic Design Tokens come from the [outsystems-design-tokens repo](https://github.com/OutSystems/outsystems-design-tokens). 

> Using the [outsystems-design-tokens package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/outsystems-design-tokens), we use its npx run build.tokens to pass our configuration file, that will generate 2 files inside `core/src/foundations`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the [outsystems-design-tokens package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/outsystems-design-tokens), we use its `npx run build.tokens` to pass our configuration file, that will generate 2 files inside `core/src/foundations`:
```

}
```

The `index.js` script, on the scripts/tokens folder, is responsible for generating SCSS variables and utility classes, will follow the same nomenclature: `prefix - CSS property name - type variation - modifier name`.

Examples: 

SCSS Variable:

```scss
$ion-semantics-primary-300
```

Utility class:

```css
.ion-semantics-primary-300
```

## Managing the Design Tokens

> It's not expected that the Tokens need to be changed frequently. This represents the base of all the Ionic Design System and any change to them should be taken carefully, synced with the UX/UI Team and reviewed by other devs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's not expected that the tokens need to be changed frequently. This represents the base of all the Ionic Design System and any change to them should be taken carefully, synced with the UX/UI Team and reviewed by other devs. 
```

> With the current architecture, this management is done on the [outsystems-design-tokens repo](https://github.com/OutSystems/outsystems-design-tokens) and updated its dependency here when necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the current architecture, this management is done on the [outsystems-design-tokens repo](https://github.com/OutSystems/outsystems-design-tokens), and its dependency is updated here as needed.
```

The last part is a bit confusing to me, so here's a suggestion on how to change the verbiage.
